Update Feature-Policy to Permissions-Policy (#22439)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/sensor_apis/index.md

The code example below illustrates these principles. The {{jsxref('statements/try...catch', 'try...catch')}} block catches errors thrown during sensor instantiation. It listens for {{domxref('Sensor.error_event', 'error')}} events to catch errors thrown during use. The only time anything is shown to the user is when [permissions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions_API) need to be requested and when the sensor type isn't supported by the device.

> > **Note:** If a Permissions Policy blocks use of a feature it is because your code is inconsistent with the policies set on your server. This is not something that would ever be shown to a user. Our [Permissions Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Permissions_Policy) article contains implementation instructions.

Author: Updated as per comment above.

}
```

### Permissions and Permissions Policy

> Sensor readings may not be taken unless the user grants permission to a specific sensor type. Do this using the [Permissions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions_API). A brief example, shown below, requests permission before attempting to use the sensor.

Reviewer: IMO worth introducing both APIs up front and making it clear what they are for. As it was we really only talked about the user permission.

```suggestion
Sensor readings may not be taken unless the user grants permission to a specific sensor type using the [Permissions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions_API) and/or if access is blocked by the server {{httpheader('Permissions-Policy')}}.

The example below shows how to request user-permission before attempting to use the sensor.
```
